BMI omit exposion of scalar variables (#332)
Deltares/Wflow.jl: docs/src/changelog.md

- Added missing BMI function `get_grid_size`, it is used for unstructured grids, for example
  to get the length of arrays returned by BMI functions `get_grid_x` and `get_grid_y`.

### Changed

> - Omitted the exposion of scalar variables through BMI. The `BMI.get_value_ptr` function was
>   not working correctly for scalar model variables (a `view` was applied). Only a few scalar
>   model parameters are defined, and it is not expected that exposion of these variables is
>   required (e.g. for model coupling) while code changes for these variables (including
>   struct fields) are required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Stop exposing scalar variables through BMI. The `BMI.get_value_ptr` function was
  not working correctly for scalar model variables (a `view` was applied). Only a few scalar
  model parameters are defined, and it is not expected that exposing these variables is
  required (e.g. for model coupling) while code changes for these variables (including
  struct fields) are required.
```
I don't think exposion is a word?
